We had a look at rotate and translate thus far to rotate or move the element,
we also get two other ways of transforming an element, for that, let's go to the customers page. There
we got our nice customer images and I want to transform these images too.
For that, I'll go into my customers file and in this customers.css file,
I want to transform the image container, which should transform the image together with itself.
So here, to the testimonial image container, I'll also add the transform property.
Now we saw that we can use the rotate and translate functions
but now I actually want to skew it,
so let's use to skew function for that. The skew function also allows you to skew an element on the
x or y-axis
but here if you just use the skew function like this and you only enter one value, you're effectively also
just skewing on the x-axis, so it's the same as skewX.
Now what does this mean to begin with?
Now let's start by entering both and see how it affects the container,
let's just start with skewX and save that and reload
and now you see that our image is skewed to the left,
so it's like someone pulled our corners and pulled them to the left.
This is the case for the image container and the image itself.
If we now also specify skewY,
let's say also 20 degrees here and please note you enter degrees here as a value, not pixel or something
like that,
it's degrees
and now you reload,
now it's also skewed too on the y-axis.
This becomes even clearer if I temporarily remove skewX here,
now you can see what happened,
it's as if someone pulled the corners up a bit,
so the top left corner got pulled up a bit and the bottom left corner got pulled up a bit.
So for skewX, someone pulled it to the left so to say, for skewY, someone pulls it up
and if you enter negative values, it would be pulled would to the right or pulled down
and please note, only one corner gets pulled down
so to say,
so the element transforms itself into a diamond form, into a rumbus.
Now I don't want to use skewY here,
I want to use skewX and
we can also use just skew here,
if we only enter one value, that'll be the X value, you could enter a Y value here too
but I just want to have this horizontal skewness.
So now, this is effectively the effect I want to have,
however the image looks really strange if it's skewed like this.
It would be great if the container gets skewed but the image actually stays the way it is. Now
to do that, we can go to the testimonial image selector, which targets the image itself
and there, we can also enter transform and enter skew -20 degree,
so with that, we're basically offsetting the skewness of the container. If we do that and we reload, now we
can see the image does not get skewed or basically it does get skewed but we skew it in the opposite
direction and hence we reset the skewness applied by the container
but of course this is not the final look we want to have. To get that final look,
we need to do at least two more things;
first of all, not related to transformation but often used along with it, let's use overflow
hidden again on the testimonial image container.
This is applied to ensure that the parts where the image goes outside of the container now are cropped.
So if I reload, it looks better
but we have this whitespace in a bottom right corner
and for the bottom image, we've got a whitespace on both corners actually,
it's the same for the top image, I guess.
So what we can do here is we can increase the size of the image.
So let's go back to our image transformation function where we have skewness of -20 degree
and let's dive into the last transformation function we have.
We saw rotate, translate and skew,
now let's have a look at scale. Scale again allows you to scale the image on three axis,
we'll dive into Z in the 3D transformations part. X allows you to basically increase the width of
the image and Y allows you to increase the height.
So here, we enter a normal integer value,
so something like 2,
this means it is twice the normal size.
So if we save that and we reload, now it's strongly distorted because we stretch it on the x-axis, this
is what scale effectively does, it doesn't keep the aspect ratio. So therefore, we should also set scale
Y and we can set both
if we just enter scale. Scale with just one value scales it on both axis,
so on the x and on the y-axis.
So if we enter scale too, like this,
now this looks better,
it's a bit too big though,
so let's maybe just use 1.2 as a factor, 1 of course would be the default so we don't see the effect
there
and we can also shrink it with .5 and so on
but let's use 1.2 here as a scale factor
and now this looks almost good,
just a tiny bit to go,
so maybe 1.4 is what we're looking for
and now, this looks good in my opinion.
Now we can see that our images look good and they are now in their newly shaped diamond form.
Now one other thing I want to do is I want to change the width of this container,
I want to change it from the 100% we have here to just 60% let's say.
Now if we reload, on mobile view, we can see that new shape a bit nicer, a bit easier,
it looks nicer now in my opinion.
And with that, we applied our transformations to the images on the customers page too
and now with that more importantly, we also learned about skew and scale.